README.md, before:

Backbone.Attributes
===================

Backbone.Attributes is a tiny (390 bytes minified/gz) plugin to give any object
Backbone.Model getter/setter methods. Sometimes models are too heavyweight or
you don't need the full sync / collection methods Backbone Models provide.

```javascript
var view = new Backbone.View;
_.defaults(view, Backbone.Attributes);

view.on('change:title', function(title) {
  this.$('.title').text(title);
});

view.set('title', 'Results');
```

These methods are borrowed from Backbone.Model, so their functionality is
exactly the same. You can pass a hash of properties, listen on multiple
change events, or trigger complex change sequences.

Note: `get` and `set` collide with native `Collection#get` and `Collection#set`. If your
target is a Collection, you must use the `getAttribute`/`setAttribute` aliases
instead.

Example
-------
Let's say we're building a music player application that has a list of tracks
organized into a Playlist collection. When the user clicks on the "next" button,
we want to update the index of the currently playing track and alert any views
listening on the Playlist. It might look something like this:

```javascript
var Playlist = Backbone.Collection.extend({
  defaults: {
    currentTrack: 0,
    title: "My Playlist"
  },
  nextTrack: function() {
    var current = this.getAttribute('currentTrack');
    this.setAttribute(current + 1);
  }
});

_.defaults(Playlist.prototype, Backbone.Attributes);

var PlayerView = Backbone.View.extend({
  events: {
    'click #next': 'nextTrack'
  },
  initialize: function() {
    this.listenTo(this.collection, 'change:currentTrack', this.updateTrackDetails);
  },
  nextTrack: function() {
    this.collection.nextTrack();
  },
  updateTrackDetails: function() {
    // Set album art, etc.
  }
});

new PlayerView({collection: new Playlist});
```

### Availability of `attributes`

The internal state of an Object that extends from Backbone.Attributes is stored on the
`attributes` property, just like a Backbone.Model. But there is one key difference you should
be aware of: whereas a Model's `attributes` is created immediately, the `attributes`
on an Object that extends `Backbone.Attributes` will not be available until *after* one of the
borrowed methods is called. This should only be an issue if you are interacting with
`attributes` property directly.

If you need the `attributes` at an earlier time, then you should create the property within
`initialize`, or otherwise before it is needed. This might look something like
`this.attributes = _.clone(this.defaults);`.

Commit message:

create `notes` section in README

README.md, after:

Backbone.Attributes
===================

Backbone.Attributes is a tiny (390 bytes minified/gz) plugin to give any object
Backbone.Model getter/setter methods. Sometimes models are too heavyweight or
you don't need the full sync / collection methods Backbone Models provide.

```javascript
var view = new Backbone.View;
_.defaults(view, Backbone.Attributes);

view.on('change:title', function(title) {
  this.$('.title').text(title);
});

view.set('title', 'Results');
```

These methods are borrowed from Backbone.Model, so their functionality is
exactly the same. You can pass a hash of properties, listen on multiple
change events, or trigger complex change sequences.

Note: `get` and `set` collide with native `Collection#get` and `Collection#set`. If your
target is a Collection, you must use the `getAttribute`/`setAttribute` aliases
instead.

Example
-------
Let's say we're building a music player application that has a list of tracks
organized into a Playlist collection. When the user clicks on the "next" button,
we want to update the index of the currently playing track and alert any views
listening on the Playlist. It might look something like this:

```javascript
var Playlist = Backbone.Collection.extend({
  defaults: {
    currentTrack: 0,
    title: "My Playlist"
  },
  nextTrack: function() {
    var current = this.getAttribute('currentTrack');
    this.setAttribute(current + 1);
  }
});

_.defaults(Playlist.prototype, Backbone.Attributes);

var PlayerView = Backbone.View.extend({
  events: {
    'click #next': 'nextTrack'
  },
  initialize: function() {
    this.listenTo(this.collection, 'change:currentTrack', this.updateTrackDetails);
  },
  nextTrack: function() {
    this.collection.nextTrack();
  },
  updateTrackDetails: function() {
    // Set album art, etc.
  }
});

new PlayerView({collection: new Playlist});
```

### Notes

The `attributes` property on the extended object is only available once one
of the methods that relies on `attributes` (`get` or `set`) is called. This is
mostly to ensure that objects aren't sharing `attributes`. If you need
`attributes` earlier, you may create it yourself (during `initalize`, e.g.)
with `this.attributes = {};` and Backbone.Attributes will respect the previous
values.
